Now, hello, welcome, welcome.
We're gonna see the key vocabulary.
Vamos a ver el vocabulario clave.
First word, primera palabra, needed.
Necesitaban, ¿ok? Necesitaba.
Needed.
Say it with me.
Pretty good, once again.
Needed.
Pretty nice, example sentence.
A couple of business owners needed to
hire a new manager.
The next one, number two.
Hire.
Hire es contratar.
Say it with me.
Hire.
Pretty good, excellent.
Once again.
Hire.
Pretty nice, pretty nice.
They needed to hire a new manager.
That's the example sentence.
Necesitaban contratar a un nuevo manager,
un nuevo gerente, ¿ok?
Number three, previous.
Previous.
Es anterior.
Say it with me.
Previous.
Pretty good, excellent, excellent, great.
Once again.
Previous.
Pretty nice.
Previous, el anterior.
So, the previous manager had died.
The previous manager had died.
El manager anterior había muerto.
¿Ok?
Now, four.
Died.
La que acabas de escuchar.
Muerto.
¿Ok?
Died.
You?
Pretty good, excellent.
Once again.
Died.
And the example sentence.
The previous manager had died.
Number five.
Cleaning lady.
Es una señora de la cebola.
¿Qué hace la limpieza?
Cleaning lady.
You?
Pretty good, excellent.
Again.
Cleaning lady.
Pretty nice.
So, cleaning es de limpiar.
Limpieza.
¿Cierto?
Lady es una señora.
So, cleaning lady.
Dos palabras separadas que nos dan ese resultado.
So, sent the cleaning lady to do that.
Sent the cleaning lady to do that.
This is like sample sentence.
Enviaron a la señora de la limpieza para
hacer eso.
And number six.
Seemed.
Parecía.
Say it with me.
Seemed.
You?
Okay.
Pretty good.
Once again.
Seemed.
Pretty nice.
Example sentence.
This conversation seemed like casual encounters.
¿Te acuerdas de esa?
Casual encounters.
Pretty good.
Excellent.
Encuentros casuales.
Casual encounters.
Seemed.
Parecía.
So, this conversation seemed like casual encounters.
Estas conversaciones parecían encuentros casuales.
Number seven.
Gave.
Gave es dio.
Okay.
Gave.
Dio.
The cleaning lady gave her report.
Report es un reporte.
Un informe.
Okay.
Report.
Say it with me.
Gave her report.
You?
Pretty good.
Nice, nice.
And number eight.
Said.
Okay.
Dijo.
Said.
They said it was him.
Ellos dijeron que era él.
Okay?
So, they said.
Said.
Dilo conmigo.
Pretty good.
Once again.
Said.
Pretty nice.
So, this is the key vocabulary for this
lesson, this story.
Este es el vocabulario key, clave, para
esta story.
So, good luck, buena suerte, and bye -bye.
Bye -bye.